Support variant for FeatureTagHelper (#407)
microsoft/FeatureManagement-Dotnet: README.md

### View

> In MVC views `<feature>` tags can be used to conditionally render content based on whether a feature is enabled or whether specific variant of a feature is assigned. For more information about variant, please refer to the [variants](./README.md#Variants) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In MVC views `<feature>` tags can be used to conditionally render content based on whether a feature is enabled or whether specific variant of a feature is assigned. For more information about variants, please refer to the [variants](./README.md#Variants) section.

```

  <p>This can only be seen if variant 'Alpha' of 'FeatureX' is assigned.</p>
</feature>
```

You can also negate the tag helper evaluation to display content when a feature is disabled or when a variant is not assigned, by setting `negate="true"`.

``` HTML+Razor
<feature negate="true" name="FeatureX">
  <p>This can only be seen if 'FeatureX' is disabled.</p>
</feature>
```

``` HTML+Razor
<feature negate="true" name="FeatureX" variant="Alpha">
  <p>This can only be seen if variant 'Alpha' of 'FeatureX' is not assigned.</p>
</feature>
```

The `<feature>` tag can reference multiple features/variants by specifying a comma separated list of features/variants in the `name`/`variant` attribute. Note that if `variant` is specified, only *one* feature should be specified. 

``` HTML+Razor
<feature name="FeatureX,FeatureY">
  <p>This can only be seen if 'FeatureX' and 'FeatureY' are enabled.</p>
</feature>
```

``` HTML+Razor
<feature name="FeatureX" variant="Alpha,Beta">
  <p>This can only be seen if variant 'Alpha' or 'Beta' of 'FeatureX' is assigned.</p>
</feature>
```

**Note:** if `variant` is specified, only *one* feature should be specified. 

> By default, all listed features must be enabled for the feature tag to be rendered. This behavior can be overidden by adding the `requirement` attribute as seen in the example below. Note that the `requirement` attribute will have no effect on `variant`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all listed features must be enabled for the feature tag to be rendered. This behavior can be overidden by adding the `requirement` attribute as seen in the example below. `variant` will always use *any* logic, meaning the `requirement` attribute will have no effect on it.
```
